No.
Xiao Wuji
What you mean is that Brother Gu lied to us.
What a joke!
What is Brother Gu's identity?
How could you do such a shameless situation?
Xiao Wuji, I think you are jealous of Gu Qing
So I deliberately said to frame it
In vain, he still favors you everywhere
Even at the cost of face to exempt you from responsibility
And you are so vengeful
It's despicable and shameless
Brother Wuji is not such a person
If he says the wine is fake, it must be fake
Zhao Muyan, the facts are in front of you
You are still protecting Xiao Wuji
I see that the two of you are simply the sum of a hill
It's not a good thing
I brought a bottle of Peerless Craft Brew today
True or False
one stroke
Hahahaha
You just acted so realistically
I almost believed it
You take out a broken bottle.
Did you pick this bottle up from the road?
Xiao Wuji, don't hold on anymore
Like Peerless Craft Brewing
Such a priceless wine
How could it be in this broken bottle?
Believe it or not
I don't believe it anyway
Xiao Wuji
Do you really want to compare? Look at Mu Yan's face
I advise you
It's too late to admit it's wrong now
Once this lid is opened
It's not as simple as admitting fault